welcome to the man of recaps it's
Jessica Jones season 1 meet Jessica
Jones she's a private investigator and
despite being a skinny white chick she
has super strength her life is a mess
though because she's an insomniac and an
alcoholic because she's having PTSD
flashbacks to her traumatic past this is
her hobby she likes to go out at night
and spy on Luke Cage I'm just watching
my sex with chicks everyone needs a
hobby Luke Cage owns a bar and when they
Justus steps in and they end up getting
it on just it feels really bad though
because Luke has this dead wife that
just to maybe know something about Oh a
mystery one day a nice Midwestern couple
comes in and they're like Oh helpless we
lost their daughter Jessica talked to
her friends it's like yeah she started
dating that new guy and we never see her
anymore she checks out a restaurant they
apparently went to and the maitre d's
like yeah that was super weird the guy
came in he ordered us all around and
everyone just did whatever he said and
Jessica's like oh my god this was the
restaurant I went to with my guy from my
traumatic past no way she goes to the
hotel that the guy took her to on their
night and she finds the girl lying in
the bed she's fine but she can't move
because he told her don't move jessica
has to forcibly carry her out of there
and she's fighting the whole way finally
she makes it back to her apartment and
the girl seems okay she's reunited with
her parents and she's like wow thanks
you saved my life
but then in the elevator she pulls out a
gun and she shoots her parents what no
all I told her to do it how traumatic is
that jessica visits the lawyer she often
works with it's Jeri Hogarth she's like
you got to take copes case she's
innocent she was mind-controlled by a
guy named kilgrave Jerry's like that
sounds crazy but if you can prove it
that'd be an interesting case the last
time Jessica saw kilgrave was the night
of a bus crash he got hit by a bus and
just assumed he was dead so she sneaks
in to the hospital to check the records
but there's no record of him at all only
the other girl that got hit by a bus
Rubicon's which is luke cage's dead wife
the plot thickens
she tracks down the ambulance driver
from that night and finds that he is on
permanent dialysis because kilgrave made
them donate both his kidneys to him
what'd she find a former surgeon who
killgrave may do the surgery obviously
he reveals pilgrim was conscious during
the surgery he didn't want anesthesia
because it might disrupt his powers
Jessica's like look you're coming with
me you're going to testify for all this
and that's enough for hogarth to be like
all right I'm going to take this case
and see what's up now we get an awesome
scene where we see kilgrave's power than
action this guy's like who are you he's
like I'm your new houseguest let me in
oh of course come right in
he's like all right cook me dinner
please
like yeah of course I'll cook anything
you want kids go hide in the closet
because I don't like kids and don't come
out even to pee
yeah so kilgrave's is kind of terrifying
Luca cage breaks up with a girl he's
been seen because he found from
Jessica's photos that she's married so
her husband comes with his friends to be
in a book but boom Luke could take care
of himself he is unbreakable skin he's
super strong
Jessica's there too to help and she's
super strong too so these two realize
they both have superpowers and do the
obvious thing have incredible superpower
sex
breaks the bed sweet Christmas that's
what Luke says jessica visits this
doctor who is Jerry Hogarth wife but
they're divorcing means Jerry has been
sleeping with her secretary it's
complicated but anyway just as like hey
can you give me some anesthesia and
she's like what no that's a ridiculous
request now jessica has this drug addict
neighbor named Malcolm he's harmless
other sort of friends he wanders into
apartments sometimes to steal her peanut
butter
anyway she takes him to the hospital to
cause a distraction so she can sneak him
back and get the anesthesia so for a
defense against kilgrave's now they get
hope and energy you want to popular
radio show Trish talked
Trish happens to be Jessica's best
friend and she knows about kilgrave so
she's really mad she starts like
insulting him white over the air just
goes like you know she's gonna make a
piss and he does call in luckily he's
power doesn't work over the radio but he
does basically threaten Trish's life so
a cop comes by he's like hey I'm here to
protect you but when she left him in
know he's been kilgrave's he's attacked
her Leslie just got arrives just in time
to save her but no Trish is dead and the
cop believes because he accomplished his
mission but no Trish is alive just use
the anesthesia - Romeo and Juliet so she
follows the cop to where kilgrave's been
staying and she's getting ready to
ambush him but he's like go jump off the
roof but she's like oh no I have to stop
him from doing that and then you finally
see kilgrave's face and snap it's Doctor
Who what a kill great escapes while she
has to fight off all the inhabitants of
the apartment but she does find his
creepy stalker room where he's got all
these photos of her and she's like man
who does killgrave have following me
Trish apologizes to kilgrave on air
which is all he wanted so he calls off
the death threat but the cop does show
back up he's like I thought I killed you
she's like yeah you almost did he's like
I want to help stop this killgrave guy
just cuz like look can you get me police
recordings to see who's following me the
cop continues to visit Trish though at
least our flirting through her intercom
and despite him having tried to kill her
only days before they end up hooking up
you just never know where you're going
to meet someone right so the cup gets
Jessica the cam footage and she finds
out that it's her junkie friend Malcolm
who's been following her turns out
was a junkie you was a nice lad but
kilgrave you know besides just mind
controlling him he also got him hooked
on drugs to keep him more under control
so they make the plan to capture
kilgrave cop was actually in the SpecOps
back in the day and he's got like a
secret soundproof room nearby in a
warehouse so one day they follow Malcolm
to the meeting place and then cop comes
by with the tranq gun and boom
tranq and a seizure to the neck they
take him out of there in the van but
killgrave has personal security of
course and they come and they take them
down and they managed to take kilgrave
back hope got beat up in prison one day
so Jessica a cost the lady responsible
but she's like no and I hope paid me to
beat her up it's like what why would you
do that she's like I'm pregnant with
kilgrave's baby it's like oh honey here
there's pills for that just take one but
hogarth is like hey let me keep that
fetus to study it and stuff scandalous
then Luke Cage shows up with a sidequest
he's got a friend whose little brother's
down missing or something turns out he's
out here he's just been growing pot and
they rescuing but like some gangsters
are after him cuz he owes him money so
they have to beat him up it gets it back
to his sister but being what she had
information about the night of the bus
accident that killed his old wife Reba
which is awkward because Jessica knows
that she was there with kilgrave in her
they were after this USB drive that she
had and then it was Jessica who killed
her Eva killed her made her punch her to
death Oh
but luckily doesn't say that here it
just says that the bus driver was drunk
so whoo cage goes after the bus driver
he's like you killed my wife throws her
out the window and she's like no Luke it
was me I killed your wife I was
mind-controlled by kilgrave and he's
like wow and you killed my wife and then
you slept with me it's pretty messed up
dude killgrave is out in the suburbs
buying some real estate he's like I'm
not going to use my powers to buy this
house I'm just gonna offer you a
buttload of money it turns out having a
buttload of money is a superpower of its
own so he gets the house turns out it's
Jessica Jones's old house oh what a
creeper now jessica has these other
neighbors that are these two weird twins
one day she pushes the sister around
which makes my brother sort of fall in
love with her I stopped by to give her
banana bread and one day he doesn't kill
dreads there instead so when Jessica
comes home
oh he's killed himself it's all kind of
nah Malcolm's there too by the way
Jessica helped him get clean of drugs
and of killgrave so she's like look I
have this idea I'm gonna take credit for
this murder and get myself put in a
supermax prison so until Greg comes for
me they'll have the cameras with proof
of him using his power not those like
that's a dumb idea I'm not going to let
you go to jail for this so he actually
gets rid of the body for and cuttings it
all off but she's like look I'm very
committed to this idea so she jumps in
and takes his head
dumps it on the desk she's like I'm a
psycho lock me up but instead they're
like hey Jessica you're free to go
what's going on in the station
everyone's got guns to each other yes
it's kilgrave so these two finally talk
she's like what you want revenge on me
for throwing you under the bus literally
and he's like no no no revenge
in fact I promise never to use my powers
on you again because Jessica I love you
each look I want you to come live with
me until you naturally fall in love with
me of your own free will Beauty and the
Beast style and she's like you know that
I was your mind control slave for like
six months and I hate you more than
anyone else in the world
and he's like yeah well it might take
some time so kilgrave erases the cameras
and he's like look everyone in 30
seconds you're going to forget me and
remember that this whole gun to the
heads thing was a hilarious joke so
after he leaves they do her like huh
what pranksters we are so Jessica meets
killgrave at her child at home she
figures that as long as she's here
distracting him no one else will get
hurt and he's done the whole thing up
exactly like it was when she was a kid
including the family photos of her
family that died in the tragic car
accident when she was young so Beauty
and the Beast style he's like hey I
invite you to dine with me this evening
she's like hell no but then she's like
well if there's wine I may as well stop
by but upstairs it's the cop he's been
tracking killgrave he's like look your
mind control I'm here to rescue you and
kill him she's like no no I'm not mind
controlled and I need him alive to prove
hopes innocence he's like well there's a
bomb in the basement then so you better
stop that so she spent the day living in
suburban bliss with kilgrave and we get
his backstory that's what was on the
thumb driving kill dream before was the
videos of him as a kid and his parents
were mad scientists that were doing
experiments on him that's how he got his
power and you almost feel bad for him
because you realized his power was such
a curse and as a kid being abandoned
growing up you know you might turn out
bad - on the news an unrelated incident
jessica has the idea to help make
kilgrave a hero so they go in there and
use his powers to stop the guy and have
them let his family free and they're
like oh thank you he's looking well that
feels good
now shoot yourself in the head and she's
like no no no shooting people and he's
like Oh fine pilgrims like I love this
we'll be that superhero couple and I'm
always like trying to be bad and you're
trying to guide me to the good side and
that way I won't hurt any other people
while you're with me and she's like I
got to think about this while she's gone
he tells his servants don't blink til
she returns which is so casually cruel
it's it's insane
luckily she comes back pretty soon and
she's like hey I brought Chinese food
I've decided to do your plan it would be
nice and I'll stop him from hurting
other people he's like okay I like the
sound of this
so just kidding I'm gonna and it's easy
you and take you
he'll grade security stops her but he
gets taken out by the cop and his team
of ex Special Forces friends they're
like look we can't let you take him in
he's too dangerous we're gonna kill him
but she's like no I'm gonna jump out
here she could jump really far but then
the neighbor comes by she's like hey I
have a present for you from killgrave
it's the bomb oh no both exploded the
cuff survives they take him to the
hospital and he gets his own super
secret doctor he's like doc I want back
in the program and he's like oh okay and
so then he's fully recovered because
Doc's got these like super special magic
pills so Jessica's got kilgrave in the
soundproof room she was recording him to
prove his powers and she can shock him
whenever she wants hogar it's like you
know this is ridiculously you're going
to be inadmissible at least get a cop
over here to be a witness while Jessica
does that Hogarth's dealing with her
divorce which is getting increasingly
messy and now her ex is trying to
blackmail her because she had her heart
broken so bad and killed greats like hey
uh you know I have mind-control powers I
can make people do whatever I want tell
Gus like interesting just go find the
cop but he wants nothing to do with the
kilgrave stuff so she and Trisha are
working to find congruent parents so
just get tracks down and he's like you
monsters you created kilgrave she's like
no no we're nice people were trying to
save him and we're trying to help him
for years but it was just too much was
too dangerous living with him so Jessica
brings them back to kill Craven
the cop comes he's like I decided to
show up and this is super weird but it's
like no no hold on just wait and watch
we're going to show you his powers are
real and stuff they send in his parents
they work out their anger issues they
end up hugging it out but then his mom
goes to stab him she's like sorry son
you're a monster he's like I understand
my mom stabbed yourself to death so she
starts to and Jessica hits the button
because that's enough but it doesn't
work - the lines been cut no so the mom
stabs herself to death and that's
definitely some evidence so just goes to
shoot him but she just gets his shoulder
and she's like dad kill yourself - he
tries to do that and then he runs out
he's like Trish put a bullet in your
head so she tries to shoot but luckily
it doesn't go off and then he's like
officer you're with me so he like breaks
his wrist to get out of the handcuffs
then Jessica catches him and he's like
let go Jessica but nothing happens the
power doesn't work on her the idea is
that back when he made her kill the girl
at the busting it was like it was so
traumatic for that she broke free of him
the cop gets her off him then he goes
outside where Hogarth was trying to bail
but he's like no stop you're giving me a
ride go to the doctor and him the only
doctor she thinks I'm his ex it's like
you're gonna fix me up as I was doing
they sort of bond about how Hogarth
broke her heart and she mentions the
phrase death by a thousand cuts he's
like yep go ahead do that two whole guys
that sounds fun sure she's still trying
to put a bullet
head and just as like look just put it
in your mouth see it's in your head now
there's dad's like look a kilgrave emits
a virus everyone around him that's how
his power works and I think I can work
up a cure so trician him though to do
that poker hats gettin kind of real bad
until boom her secretary girlfriend
Jason saved her by killing her ex and
Jessica shows up she's like uh till
graybles here wasn't he I guess I just
missed him blonde cop shows up he's like
hey don't worry I'm with the team where
is everyone so this cop tells him then
he's like boom she was too in the head
because he's on a mission to kill
killgrave he's not going to take a
prisoner so he burns the place down and
he's you know kind of a bad guy now I
guess just cuz back at her apartment
until graves there - he's like hey
what's up so you push them and she's
like I could kill you right now he's
like I told about a hundred people to
commit suicide if I don't check back in
with them so she has to let him go he's
like look here's the thing I just got
the papers for hopes release I'm gonna
let her go I want to trade her for my
father he just goes like how think
you're going it's like we won't know
till we test it it's like well test on
yourself right now cuz I'm gonna trade
you fro so kilgrave's got the support
group all new stuff and he's like come
on here dad and dad starts walking is he
faking it no that's here didn't work
bummer
hope breaks her glass and kilgrave's
like you can't hurt me and she's like no
but I can stop myself that way it free
just got to kill you without having to
prove my innocence so if you tell
everyone to jump just gasp to save them
and he and his dad are out of there
afterwards the cop makes it to Jessica's
but he tries to shoot her he blames her
for kilgrave escaping before and he's on
his pills makes him super strong too so
they have a fight and tris comes in boom
to help she's like hey I snagged these
pills from his pocket earlier if I take
some maybe I'll be super strong too Bam
Bam Tricia's fighting and between the
two of them they knock him out but later
the doctor and his buddies from the
secret group come and pick him up so we
haven't seen the last of him just gets a
text at Luke's in danger so she goes to
his bar and boom it explodes all luckily
he's indestructible so he walks out of
there he's fine and he's just like damn
I just went full Khaleesi
see Luke had been tracking killgrave -
and he went up to try to kill him but
it's like stop and it's like what who
are you so it gets the whole story and
he made him go blow up his bars because
he didn't know he was indestructible
now killgrave managed to get the aborted
fetus that hogar kept and he's trying to
make his dad use it to increase his
powers it sounds like you know I'm
really tired by the way it's like put
your hand in the blender you feeling
tired now it's like no no I'm not tired
I'm fine
Justin Luke find that kilgrave's been
trying to test his stronger powers I
have this concert so they go down to the
venue
turns out he's there right now she's
like you go away so you don't get
controlled I'm going to go face him he's
like Jessica stop but no he can't
control her yet she keeps on walking
he's like well
Plan B it's Luke Cage yeah my powers
last longer now so I had him under
control to attack you at this moment
when I said so and they have a super
strong fight when they're breaking
through walls like a lot of wall
breaking and up outside by the police
car wishing she gets the shotgun and
she's like god sorry about this who's
last to wreck it in the face Luke is out
cold but at the hospital they find nurse
Claire temple from daredevil when the
doctor realizes Luke is special I want
to call the cops but just as like now
I've got to take him out of here and
Claire's like hey I've dealt with
superheroes before I'll come with you I
guess this is my life now but just gets
a call from killgrave he's in the
hospital
so while Claire goes to deal with look
just goes to find kilgrave but he's gone
and he puts Jesse's picture up on the
thing he's like everybody killed her
weight his voice can't affect the whole
Hospital over the intercom apparently it
can so she has to fight her way out of
there everyone's attacking her Jess gets
home and finds this going on Claire's
like don't worry it's not sexual he's
having a seizure I need to stick this
big needle in through his eye socket and
drain the fluid in his brain I'll tell
you what being a nurse is a super power
of its own coke girls look I still can't
control Jessica I need more power
inject that whole fetus directly into my
brain Ted Ted that knee look Wow
fetus power just tracked him to the
apartment where she finds his dad
brutally murdered I can't even show this
one and then she realizes that the two
guys that owned it have a yacht so she
goes to the marina where killgrave has
an entire squad of police officers but
just Lister hood and it's Trish wearing
headphones that's really smart you
should have been doing this all along
probably anyway the distraction let's
just super jump over them all and she's
going to chase down kilgrave but outside
kilgrave's got a whole mob of randos and
he's like all you start killing each
other so just gonna have to try to stop
them Trish get your headphones knocked
up then just as like no I just need to
kill killer if she makes a beeline for
him and he's like yeah and everyone
stops including Jessica kilgrave's like
I don't believe it you're faking it just
goes like no it's real he's like Oh what
if I take Trish with me on this yacht
and like we hang out together and we
make cheesy time all the time huh would
you stop me then and she's like no I
can't till Greg's like yes this is my
dream come true I can't believe it and
she's like you shouldn't I was faking ha
she grabs him and with zero moral
dilemma about whether she should kill
him or not that she snaps his neck oh
man so kill Graham is definitely dead he
was pretty cool villain there are plenty
of witnesses about mind control now so
Jessica's free to go and she gets a lot
of publicity so her agency phone is
ringing off the hook Malcolm decides to
come help work for her and that's how
Jessica Jones season 1 comes to an end
[Music]